removed all deprecated 1.1 code (#4350)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/4350.breaking.rst

> Removed deprecated functions:

Reviewer: As stated in the changelog readme, the removal of deprecated features are "removals" and not "breaking". My logic for this (or rationalisation) is that I think it's important to keep the list of breaking changes down to "things you *need* to deal with".

Author: Changed in a PR.

`sunpy.coordinates.frames.Helioprojective.calculate_distance`, alternative is `sunpy.coordinates.frames.Helioprojective.calculate_distance.make_3d`.

> `sunpy.image.coalignment.repair_image_nonfinite`, no alternative.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``sunpy.image.coalignment.repair_image_nonfinite`` - if you wish to repair the image, this has to be done manually before calling the various `sunpy.image.coalignment` functions. The ``repair_nonfinite`` keyword argument to ``calculate_shift`` and  ``calculate_match_template_shift`` has been removed.
```

Author: Fixed.

> `sunpy.instr.lyra.download_lytaf_database`, no alternative.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`sunpy.instr.lyra.download_lytaf_database` - this just downloaded the file at ``http://proba2.oma.be/lyra/data/lytaf/annotation_ppt.db``, which can be done manually.
```

Author: Fixed.
